Changes to Calda's description (#4747)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/map.txt

	attributes paradise tourism rich
	landscape land/lava4
	description `Calda is a tropical resort world, a pleasant place to unwind after a few days skiing on its sister planet, Vail. The most popular tourist destination is the hot springs, and the spa complexes that have been built up around them. Constant pesticide use has nearly eliminated insect pests. Because of the uncomfortably warm and humid summer months, the very rich view Calda more as a tourist destination than as a place to live.`

> 	description `	In Calda's early days as a spa planet, a nearly silent eruption of carbon dioxide filled a resort valley and suffocated the whole population. This incident shocked the Paradise Worlds and lead to a drop in tourism here for months.`

Reviewer: I'd extend the sentence slightly to mention that it actually is the case that people mostly forgot about it.
```suggestion
	description `	In Calda's early days as a spa planet, a nearly silent eruption of carbon dioxide filled a resort valley and suffocated the whole population. This incident shocked the Paradise Worlds and led to a drop in tourism here for months, but the industry quickly recovered after everyone had forgotten about it.`
```

> 	description `	In Calda's early days as a spa planet, a nearly silent eruption of carbon dioxide filled a resort valley and suffocated the whole population. This incident shocked the Paradise Worlds and led to a very large drop in tourism here. Fortunetly for Calda's economy, this effect ceased within six months, which was about how long it took for most potiential tourists to forgot about the incident.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	description `	In Calda's early days as a spa planet, a nearly silent eruption of carbon dioxide filled a resort valley and suffocated the whole population. This incident shocked the Paradise Worlds and led to a very large drop in tourism here. Fortunately for Calda's economy, this effect ceased within six months, which was about how long it took for most potential tourists to forgot about the incident.`
```
